Perison Island used to be a vibrant place, before the discovery of black gold and the insatiable greed that followed. It wasn't the ever-verdant fields that often come to mind when one thinks of "Nature." No, Perison's landscape was dry and reddish, with terracotta-toned earth and rocky hills. Yet it brimmed with colors—red, white, blue. Now, everything is grey, even the sky, lost in a mist of poisonous gas that has choked the life out of every hue. Perison Island is now literally a shadow of its former self.

The bear cub doesn't know this; he believes even his mama to be naturally grey. He doesn't realize her fur has simply absorbed the color of the deadly powder falling from the sky. The same dust has overwhelmed her lungs. She lies outside in the morning glow, asleep forever. The cub is young, but he has already seen enough of the grey death and the effects of Rustlung on other animals. He knew his mom's wheezing was a sign.

A day and night passed in silent mourning, as he cuddled her lifeless form, until his stomach's cries became unbearable. The little cub stumbled away, casting one last look at his only companion in life. He was on his own now. The first hill of the day was always the hardest to climb, yet often the most rewarding, leading to the forage deposit where merchants occasionally left food provisions unattended.

The climb was difficult, not because of the steepness, but due to the industrial litter. Tubes of dusted brass and black iron jutted from the ground like giant thorns on a sleeping turtle. Knife-sharp shards of metal lay scattered like sand on a beach. Massive slabs of aluminum blocked the path at multiple points.

Once at the top, the view wasn't any better, though some might find it captivating in a twisted way. It was dawn, the only time, along with sunset, when the sky took on a slightly different hue, a bright red, blurred luminescence, casting its dampened light over a city of mines and factories. Smoke rose from industrial chimneys, mingling with the residential slums. Work seeped through the emotionless lives of the Periseans like the diseases that choked their breaths. The ridge dividing the island's civilization offered the best view of the light, with its metallic bridges reflecting the faint red glow, reaching from each side like skin limbs, teared and scarred by fire.

But even the sun's red glow appeared grey to the little cub today. A loud gurgle emanated from his empty belly as he dragged his thin limbs in search of something to plunder and survive.